Imagine that you would like to land on
the moon this seems like a difficult task.
We would need to know loads of physics and
control theory and
we would have to anticipate countless
things that could go wrong.
But what if we frame this as
a reinforcement learning problem.
Our agent does not need to know
the dynamics of the real world,
it can learn simply through interaction.
And your agent will do just that,
the lunar module will interact with
the world unsure of the dynamics, but
to get the module to do what you want,
you will have to design the reward.
Of course,
it might be a little dangerous and
costly to learn how to land a lunar module
on the moon through trial and error.
Instead, we will train our agent in
a simulator to find a robust and
efficient landing policy.
Then, we could deploy
the agent on the moon and
it allow it to continue learning
adjusting its value function and
policy to account for the differences
between our simulator and reality.
This means we do not have
to worry about safety or
money while training in the simulator.
But do keep in mind we are using
a very simple simulation here.
It does not reflect all
the complexities of outer space, but
we cannot use a high-fidelity simulator
since we do need your experiments to
run reasonably quickly.
Even with our high fidelity simulator
our agent might still have issues
in deployment.
There are many technical nuances required
to get agents trained in simulators to
transfer to the real world.
But this topic is way outside
the scope of this small project.
Our aim here is to help you tackle
a moderately interesting problem and
help you gain experience converting
word descriptions of problems to
a concrete solution.
In this video,
we will introduce you to the environment
that you will be working with.
You will understand the state and
action space and
the reward function that
you need to implement.
This is what the lunar lander
environment looks like and
here are a few examples of
an agent successfully Landing.
Our goal is to land the lunar module in
the landing zone located between the two
yellow flags.
The Landing zone is always
in the same location, but
the shape of the ground
around it may change.
We can fire the main thruster or
either of the side thrusters to orient
the module and slow its descent.
The state is composed of eight variables.
It includes the XY position and velocity
the module as well as its angle and
angular velocity with
respect to the ground.
We also have a sensor for each leg that
determines if it is touching the ground.
Let's take a deeper look at the part
of the environment that you will be
implementing.
The environment inputs the action that
actually is given to the dynamics
function along with the current
state to produce a next state.
The next state in action will then be
passed to reward function that encodes
the desired behavior.
Finally, the environment will omit
the next state and the reward.
There are four actions
that the agent can take,
the agent can fire the main thruster,
fire the left thruster,
fire the right thruster or
do nothing at all on this time step.
You will need to implement the reward
function for this environment.
Fuel is expensive and
the main thruster uses a lot of it.
We want to discourage the agent from using
the main thruster more than necessary.
The side thrusters use less fuel,
so it is less bad for
the agent to use those frequently.
We want to encourage the agent
to move towards the goal.
So it will lose some reward
based on how far it moved from
the goal since the last time step.
Let's try to discourage the agent
from learning to pile the module to
the surface in ways that might damage the
equipment and will also discourage flying
off into outer space or
a distant creator never to be seen again.
The agent will be rewarded for
each leg that it manages
to get touching the ground.
And the agent will receive
a large reward for
successfully landing in the landing
pad at an appropriate velocity.
More details like what is an appropriate
velocity will be made available in
the notebooks.
And that's it, in this video,
we introduced you to the lunar lander
environment that you will be working
with throughout this course.
Your goal this week is to implement
the reward function for this problem.
Good luck building your environment.